Add documentation: creating a document via a command (#682)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: reference/components/document-manager/using_the_document_manager.rst

See the :doc:`subscribers` chapter for more information.

.. note::

    To create a document via a Sulu CLI command (e.g., import from an external source), run the command within the admin context.

    .. code-block:: bash

>         bin/adminconsole your:command

Reviewer: This text should be more general as it need to be the `admin` context. So you can not create a document inside a website controller you will need.

So something like "Documents can only be created in the admin context. For cli this means using the the `bin/adminconsole` and for controller it is required to have run them in the `/admin` context or using a symfony messenger to create them asynchron via admin CLI."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Be aware that documents can only be created in the admin context, not in the website context. For CLI commands, this means you must use ﻿``bin/adminconsole`` to execute the command. Alternatively, you can execute a command that dispatches messages via the Symfony Messenger. In this case, the consumer that consumes the dispatched message must also run in the admin context.

    .. code-block:: bash

        bin/adminconsole your:command
```
